Each day brings some new advancement in the technology, and now the time has changed which makes only the more established ones to grow, and with that, the capacity and the quality of the specialized languages are additionally expanding at a great pace. That is one of the main reasons why it is tough to choose the most suitable programming language for your next business project. It is challenging to pick one among all innovations, and that is the reason why this blog is designed by the experts of the most reliable?mobile app development company, discussing the two mainstream programming languages – .Net and Python.? 

Python and .Net are both among the popular programming languages of 2021. Both of these are based on OOPs (Object-oriented programming) concepts, are easy to learn and code, and provide fast development and great performance. Each one of these languages is mainstream. Now, we will discuss who is better for your business app and why? – Python vs .Net. Before we jump into the differences, let us take a quick overview of each one of them so that we can understand the differences better. Let’s get started. 

.Net – Overview
C# or C-Sharp is a high-level modern and powerful programming language that strictly follows the traditional C++ & C constructs; however, it has now become more improved and simpler to learn. It is used to develop a large number of complicated and large-scale applications. C# code can be compiled on various platforms, this Object-oriented programming language has some structural similarities that are more in common with Java. You will find C# powering cutting-edge technologies such as Microsoft HoloLens and websites like Stack Overflow.

Python – Overview
Python is an open source, interpreted, and general-purpose programming language. It follows Java and C in terms of features. It is manageable and easy to learn, a language with high-level programming capabilities. Websites such as Python powers Reddit, Pinterest, YouTube, and Instagram. Python, being the most widespread programming language finds excellent usage in today’s modern development trends such as machine learning. Also, if you are new to programming, Python is where you should start your programming journey.? 
